welcome back here clicks fans today I'm
going to cover two new combat abilities
merge and split the last couple of sets
we have been introduced to figures that
can split and merge just like these two
firestorms can merge into Puri other
figures would be ant-man and wasp vision
and Scarlet Witch Dumon Kang wonder man
and Scarlet Witch century and Boyd these
are some new combat abilities and a lot
of times new combat abilities take a
little bit of time to learn and see how
they work this video will teach you how
to use split and merge so for the first
example we are going to merge vision and
Scarlet Witch scarlet witch's honor
50-point dial and this vision is the
gravity feed version from chaos Wars at
one-thirty the combined total is 180
let's read merge when this character is
adjacent to another friendly character
that each represent one distinct
qualifying character listed on a duo
characters card and all of them have no
action tokens give this character free
action to replace all of them with the
duo character the same number of clicks
from its starting line as this character
the combined point value of the
qualifying characters must equal to or
greater the point value of the duo
character unless the duo character
previously used the split ability to be
replaced by these same characters the
duo character can't use the split
ability this turn this ability can't be
countered so to paraphrase this we have
Scarlet Witch at 50 points vision at 130
the total is 180 we want to merge these
two characters into this duo figure
Scarlet Witch and vision that duo figure
is 180 so the combined total of vision
and Scarlet Witch equal to that do I'll
figure so these two figures are allowed
to merge into this duo figure so let's
perform this merge
that ability and it only can be done
when they have no tokens on both
characters and both characters need to
be adjacent to one another they both
have no tokens so they can do this give
vision a free action and then replace
these two figures with the duo figure
the duo figure comes into the game on
the same click as the figure you
activate the power with vision was on
his first click so the duo figure comes
in on its first click also I want to
know if you activate this power with
vision and say he's on his third click
then the duo figure will come in on its
third click so you want to activate this
power with the character that's on its
first click or nearest the top of its
dial to give a second example of the
merge compatibility ant-man at 43 points
and watch that 50 points equals 93
points can they merge into the ant-man
and wasp do a figure that is 168 if you
said no they can't then you are correct
the two figures that merge into the duo
figure have to exceed or equal the
amount of the duo figure they do not
meet or exceed that is there any other
combination of ant-man and wasp that you
can merge into the mno us let's look we
have an aunt min at 75 points and a wasp
at 77 points that also does not equal to
1 68 so these figures will not be able
to merge as well but I want to know when
you read the merge ability it does say
the only way that these two ant-man and
wasp figures can merge into this ant-man
and wasp do I'll figure is if previously
this ant-man and wasp duo figure split
into these two figures and then later on
these two figures can then merge back
into this figure but as it is they can't
start out this way another thing that I
want to cover is when you activate the
merge into fury with the two firestorms
it is a free
action so you would give either one of
these firestorms to free action and then
you would merge now with fury on the map
and it was a free action to get him in
there he now is able to be given a power
action and fury will now pulse wave on
MN and wasps 11 attack on an 18 so this
is another cool thing to let you guys
know is when you merge the character
that you bring out the duo figure or in
this case fury which is kind of a giant
meshed into one figure when they come
into the game they can be given an
action they can either move they can
attack they can do a number of things
but they are allowed to be given an
action because the merge is a free
action so let's move on to the split
combat ability this might help you fully
understand how to use the merge and then
you split so let's cover split give this
character a power action if it has no
action tokens this figure has no action
tokens so we will give it a power action
replace this character with one or more
qualifying characters from each of the
different entry listed on the characters
card the qualifying replacement
characters must have either qualifying
name and total no more than the
character's point value unless those
characters previously use the merge
ability to be replaced by this character
replacement characters are exciting an
action token and can't be given an
action this turn replacement characters
begin a number of clicks from their
starting line equal to the number of
clicks from this characters starting
line this ability can't be countered so
we gave fury a power action to use the
split now we bring in both of the
firestorms that he split into they each
now have an action token and cannot be
given an action token this turn and they
come in on their dial wherever fury left
off he left off on his first click so
they both come in
their first click if he left on their
second click they both would come in on
their second click